# CS-305

Artemis Financial is a consulting company that offers financial services for its customers. They wanted me to search their software application for vulnerabilities and make them as secure as possible. I thought I did a good job of identifying which areas of security apply to Artemis Financial's situation. Coding securely is important because our clients rely on us to keep them safe from threats that may get to them through their software. We also are responsible for the safety of any users who will be accessing the application as well. Software security build trust in a company and makes it more likely that people will use their services. Companies that suffer data leaks are seen as less trustworthy and not equipped to handle sensitive information.
The part of the vulnerability assessment that was most challenging for me was manually reviewing the code. I'm a beginning programmer so I don't yet have the knowledge to look at a piece of code and intuitively understand what it's supposed to do. This class was a huge leap in difficulty for me due to that reason. I increased security by adding a self-assigned certificate of authorization(CA) along with updating the libraries and the Maven dependency check to their most current versions. The dependency check is the primary tool that I would use to identify vulnerabilities so making sure that it's updated is critical to findaing all possible vulnerabilities. I made sure that the code was functional and secure by compiling and debugging it and then running the dependency check for vulnerabilities. After refactoring I did the same thing to verify that I hadn't introduced any more vulnerabilities. One resource besides the dependency check that was very useful for this assignment was GitHub. When I got stuck I could look and see how other people approached the same problem. It was very helpful to be able to look up that kind of support and get inspiration for my own solutions. I would show future employers the section on static testing where I list each vulnerability that was found and how to mitigate them.
